📝 Rewrite race-condition tutorial for clarity and depth (#6846)
dubzzz/fast-check: website/docs/tutorials/detect-race-conditions/one-step-closer-to-real-usages.mdx

## Zoom on previous test

> Step 1's missing piece was **time**: the original test couldn't distinguish a correct `queue` from a broken one because every promise resolved instantly. The fix was to hand control of _when_ promises resolve to the fast-check scheduler. Here's the reasoning behind the two edits we made.

Author: ```suggestion
Step 1's missing pieces were ordering and time: the original test couldn't distinguish a correct `queue` from a broken one because every promise resolved instantly. The fix was to hand control of when promises resolve to fast-check's scheduler. Here's the reasoning behind the two edits we made.
```
